All right so here we're going to be finding the largest strings in an array of strings who are turning
an array of those values so in our example here we have some some multilane strings.
The Hoops the largest one is eighth are three digits long and thus we're going to return an array of
all three digit strings.
I don't really have any hints here for you for methods this is all just pure logic so let's go and dive
into it.
So our first objective here should be to find out what the longest length of the largest string is in
our array.
Let's start by creating this longest length variable and we're just equal to zero.
And now we're going to also need let's just we'll do one by one.
So we're going to iterate through each one.
In this case we're going to use it for each use of words giving us rather descriptive and we're just
going to say hey we expect each one of these words to be a string.
It's cool.
Now we've done that what we want to do here is we want to compare the length of the word to our longest
length which we're OK initializing to zero because if there's no a if it's just an empty string.
See I have length this year so that's fine.
Not to worry about negatives or anything like that.
So long as science is equal to long it's Lance being less than our word length.
So we're doing ternary here.
We're saying is that less than our word length is.
Go ahead and return a word doc lamp's if it isn't.
Go ahead or interring long late and set it back equal to itself.
So now we have we have our longest land.
And now we need a way to return the longest words.
So we're going to do next three and create a counts here longest words
and we're going to set that equal to an Inferi
and return longest words.
Excellent.
Now all we have to do from here is one more time through that array.
And do it again.
Type of string excellent and we just have simplicity in here.
This is if word length is exactly equal to the longest length meaning that it matches the length of
the largest strings.
All we need to do now is close them all we need to do now is push two longest words.
That word
and there we have it.
We have our three that we're expecting.
Pretty pretty straightforward.
There might be a way to do this but in terms of efficiency I don't really see a shorter way.
Pretty much we have to iterate through long slainte and then push those values to it after one more
after issue I think it's fine for the efficiency.
But if someone has a better way please share it.
As always.